(GH-2737) Deprecate dotted fact names (#2741)
puppetlabs/bolt: documentation/developer_updates.md

Find out what the Bolt team is working on and why we're making the decisions
we're making.

## March 2021

### Deprecating dotted fact names

With the release of Facter 4, dotted fact names are automatically converted to
structured facts. For example, the custom fact `role.name = server` becomes the
following structured fact:

```
{
  "role" => {
    "name" => "server"
  }
}
```

This is a significant change from earlier versions of Facter, which permitted
dotted fact names.

Because Bolt allows you to set facts in the inventory file or during a plan run,
and uses Facter directly (such as when running the `apply_prep` function) and
indirectly (such as when making a PuppetDB query), we've updated Bolt to warn
you when it detects a dotted fact name.

> If Bolt detects that a target has a dotted fact name set in either the inventory
> or during a plan run, it will display a deprecation warning. Bolt will not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Bolt detects that a target has a dotted fact name set in either the inventory
or during a plan run, it displays a deprecation warning. Bolt does not
```
